README.md, before:

# Marlin 3D Printer Firmware

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=bugfix-2.0.x)](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/actions)

<img align="right" width=175 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/logo/marlin-250.png" />

Additional documentation can be found at the [Marlin Home Page](http://marlinfw.org/).
Please let us know if Marlin misbehaves in any way. Volunteers are standing by!

## Marlin 2.0

Marlin 2.0 takes this popular RepRap firmware to the next level by adding support for much faster 32-bit and ARM-based boards while improving support for 8-bit AVR boards. Read about Marlin's decision to use a "Hardware Abstraction Layer" below.

Download earlier versions of Marlin on the [Releases page](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/releases).

## Building Marlin 2.0

To build Marlin 2.0 you'll need [Arduino IDE 1.8.8 or newer](https://www.arduino.cc/en/main/software) or [PlatformIO](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/ide.html#platformio-ide). Detailed build and install instructions are posted at:

  - [Installing Marlin (Arduino)](http://marlinfw.org/docs/basics/install_arduino.html)
  - [Installing Marlin (VSCode)](http://marlinfw.org/docs/basics/install_platformio_vscode.html).

### Supported Platforms

  Platform|MCU|Example Boards
  --------|---|-------
  [Arduino AVR](https://www.arduino.cc/)|ATmega|RAMPS, Melzi, RAMBo
  [Teensy++ 2.0](http://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/AT90USB1286)|AT90USB1286|Printrboard
  [Arduino Due](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/ArduinoDue)|SAM3X8E|RAMPS-FD, RADDS, RAMPS4DUE
  [LPC1768](http://www.nxp.com/products/microcontrollers-and-processors/arm-based-processors-and-mcus/lpc-cortex-m-mcus/lpc1700-cortex-m3/512kb-flash-64kb-sram-ethernet-usb-lqfp100-package:LPC1768FBD100)|ARM® Cortex-M3|MKS SBASE, Re-ARM, Selena Compact
  [LPC1769](https://www.nxp.com/products/processors-and-microcontrollers/arm-microcontrollers/general-purpose-mcus/lpc1700-cortex-m3/512kb-flash-64kb-sram-ethernet-usb-lqfp100-package:LPC1769FBD100)|ARM® Cortex-M3|Smoothieboard, Azteeg X5 mini, TH3D EZBoard
  [STM32F103](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f103.html)|ARM® Cortex-M3|Malyan M200, GTM32 Pro, MKS Robin, BTT SKR Mini
  [STM32F401](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f401.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|ARMED, Rumba32, SKR Pro, Lerdge, FYSETC S6
  [STM32F7x6](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f7x6.html)|ARM® Cortex-M7|The Borg, RemRam V1
  [SAMD51P20A](https://www.adafruit.com/product/4064)|ARM® Cortex-M4|Adafruit Grand Central M4
  [Teensy 3.5](https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensy35.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|
  [Teensy 3.6](https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensy36.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|

## Submitting Changes

- Submit **Bug Fixes** as Pull Requests to the ([bugfix-2.0.x](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/tree/bugfix-2.0.x)) branch.
- Follow the [Coding Standards](http://marlinfw.org/docs/development/coding_standards.html) to gain points with the maintainers.
- Please submit your questions and concerns to the [Issue Queue](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/issues).

## Marlin Support

For best results getting help with configuration and troubleshooting, please use the following resources:

- [Marlin Documentation](http://marlinfw.org) - Official Marlin documentation
- [Marlin Discord](https://discord.gg/n5NJ59y) - Discuss issues with Marlin users and developers
- Facebook Group ["Marlin Firmware"](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1049718498464482/)
- RepRap.org [Marlin Forum](http://forums.reprap.org/list.php?415)
- [Tom's 3D Forums](https://discuss.toms3d.org/)
- Facebook Group ["Marlin Firmware for 3D Printers"](https://www.facebook.com/groups/3Dtechtalk/)
- [Marlin Configuration](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=marlin+configuration) on YouTube

## Credits

The current Marlin dev team consists of:

 - Scott Lahteine [[@thinkyhead](https://github.com/thinkyhead)] - USA &nbsp; [Donate](http://www.thinkyhead.com/donate-to-marlin) / Flattr: [![Flattr Scott](http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=thinkyhead&url=https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin&title=Marlin&language=&tags=github&category=software)
 - Roxanne Neufeld [[@Roxy-3D](https://github.com/Roxy-3D)] - USA
 - Chris Pepper [[@p3p](https://github.com/p3p)] - UK
 - Bob Kuhn [[@Bob-the-Kuhn](https://github.com/Bob-the-Kuhn)] - USA
 - João Brazio [[@jbrazio](https://github.com/jbrazio)] - Portugal
 - Erik van der Zalm [[@ErikZalm](https://github.com/ErikZalm)] - Netherlands &nbsp; [![Flattr Erik](http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=ErikZalm&url=https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin&title=Marlin&language=&tags=github&category=software)

## License

Marlin is published under the [GPL license](/LICENSE) because we believe in open development. The GPL comes with both rights and obligations. Whether you use Marlin firmware as the driver for your open or closed-source product, you must keep Marlin open, and you must provide your compatible Marlin source code to end users upon request. The most straightforward way to comply with the Marlin license is to make a fork of Marlin on Github, perform your modifications, and direct users to your modified fork.

While we can't prevent the use of this code in products (3D printers, CNC, etc.) that are closed source or crippled by a patent, we would prefer that you choose another firmware or, better yet, make your own.

Commit message:

Made changes based on original configurations and enabled newer features based on the newer configurations. It does not have the Sunlu Logo at startup but i bet we can fix that later when i get with the Sunlu people. it also contains the .hex so you wont need to compile it yourself just update it via cura. This is version 2.0.5.3

README.md, after:

# Modified for

Sunlu S8. 

The Sunlu S8 uses a mega2560 board which is upgradeable to the latest 32bit marlin with most usable features enabled and doesnt take to much memory from the device itself.


# Marlin 3D Printer Firmware

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=bugfix-2.0.x)](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/actions)

<img align="right" width=175 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/logo/marlin-250.png" />

Additional documentation can be found at the [Marlin Home Page](http://marlinfw.org/).
Please let us know if Marlin misbehaves in any way. Volunteers are standing by!

## Marlin 2.0

Marlin 2.0 takes this popular RepRap firmware to the next level by adding support for much faster 32-bit and ARM-based boards while improving support for 8-bit AVR boards. Read about Marlin's decision to use a "Hardware Abstraction Layer" below.

Download earlier versions of Marlin on the [Releases page](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/releases).

## Building Marlin 2.0

To build Marlin 2.0 you'll need [Arduino IDE 1.8.8 or newer](https://www.arduino.cc/en/main/software) or [PlatformIO](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/ide.html#platformio-ide). Detailed build and install instructions are posted at:

  - [Installing Marlin (Arduino)](http://marlinfw.org/docs/basics/install_arduino.html)
  - [Installing Marlin (VSCode)](http://marlinfw.org/docs/basics/install_platformio_vscode.html).

### Supported Platforms

  Platform|MCU|Example Boards
  --------|---|-------
  [Arduino AVR](https://www.arduino.cc/)|ATmega|RAMPS, Melzi, RAMBo
  [Teensy++ 2.0](http://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/AT90USB1286)|AT90USB1286|Printrboard
  [Arduino Due](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/ArduinoDue)|SAM3X8E|RAMPS-FD, RADDS, RAMPS4DUE
  [LPC1768](http://www.nxp.com/products/microcontrollers-and-processors/arm-based-processors-and-mcus/lpc-cortex-m-mcus/lpc1700-cortex-m3/512kb-flash-64kb-sram-ethernet-usb-lqfp100-package:LPC1768FBD100)|ARM® Cortex-M3|MKS SBASE, Re-ARM, Selena Compact
  [LPC1769](https://www.nxp.com/products/processors-and-microcontrollers/arm-microcontrollers/general-purpose-mcus/lpc1700-cortex-m3/512kb-flash-64kb-sram-ethernet-usb-lqfp100-package:LPC1769FBD100)|ARM® Cortex-M3|Smoothieboard, Azteeg X5 mini, TH3D EZBoard
  [STM32F103](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f103.html)|ARM® Cortex-M3|Malyan M200, GTM32 Pro, MKS Robin, BTT SKR Mini
  [STM32F401](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f401.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|ARMED, Rumba32, SKR Pro, Lerdge, FYSETC S6
  [STM32F7x6](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f7x6.html)|ARM® Cortex-M7|The Borg, RemRam V1
  [SAMD51P20A](https://www.adafruit.com/product/4064)|ARM® Cortex-M4|Adafruit Grand Central M4
  [Teensy 3.5](https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensy35.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|
  [Teensy 3.6](https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensy36.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|

## Submitting Changes

- Submit **Bug Fixes** as Pull Requests to the ([bugfix-2.0.x](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/tree/bugfix-2.0.x)) branch.
- Submit **New Features** to the ([dev-2.1.x](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/tree/dev-2.1.x)) branch.
- Follow the [Coding Standards](http://marlinfw.org/docs/development/coding_standards.html) to gain points with the maintainers.
- Please submit your questions and concerns to the [Issue Queue](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/issues).

## Marlin Support

For best results getting help with configuration and troubleshooting, please use the following resources:

- [Marlin Documentation](http://marlinfw.org) - Official Marlin documentation
- [Marlin Discord](https://discord.gg/n5NJ59y) - Discuss issues with Marlin users and developers
- Facebook Group ["Marlin Firmware"](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1049718498464482/)
- RepRap.org [Marlin Forum](http://forums.reprap.org/list.php?415)
- [Tom's 3D Forums](https://discuss.toms3d.org/)
- Facebook Group ["Marlin Firmware for 3D Printers"](https://www.facebook.com/groups/3Dtechtalk/)
- [Marlin Configuration](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=marlin+configuration) on YouTube

## Credits

The current Marlin dev team consists of:

 - Scott Lahteine [[@thinkyhead](https://github.com/thinkyhead)] - USA &nbsp; [Donate](http://www.thinkyhead.com/donate-to-marlin) / Flattr: [![Flattr Scott](http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=thinkyhead&url=https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin&title=Marlin&language=&tags=github&category=software)
 - Roxanne Neufeld [[@Roxy-3D](https://github.com/Roxy-3D)] - USA
 - Chris Pepper [[@p3p](https://github.com/p3p)] - UK
 - Bob Kuhn [[@Bob-the-Kuhn](https://github.com/Bob-the-Kuhn)] - USA
 - João Brazio [[@jbrazio](https://github.com/jbrazio)] - Portugal
 - Erik van der Zalm [[@ErikZalm](https://github.com/ErikZalm)] - Netherlands &nbsp; [![Flattr Erik](http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=ErikZalm&url=https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin&title=Marlin&language=&tags=github&category=software)

## License

Marlin is published under the [GPL license](/LICENSE) because we believe in open development. The GPL comes with both rights and obligations. Whether you use Marlin firmware as the driver for your open or closed-source product, you must keep Marlin open, and you must provide your compatible Marlin source code to end users upon request. The most straightforward way to comply with the Marlin license is to make a fork of Marlin on Github, perform your modifications, and direct users to your modified fork.

While we can't prevent the use of this code in products (3D printers, CNC, etc.) that are closed source or crippled by a patent, we would prefer that you choose another firmware or, better yet, make your own.
